README.md, before:

# terraform-module-application-insights

<!-- TODO fill in resource name in link to product documentation -->
Terraform module for [Application Insights](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/application_insights.html).

## Example

```hcl
module "application_insights" {
  source = "git@github.com:hmcts/terraform-module-application-insights?ref=4.x"

  product = var.product
  env     = var.env

  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name

  common_tags = module.tags.common_tags
}

```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.7.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | >= 3.7.0 |
| <a name="provider_http"></a> [http](#provider\_http) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | n/a |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_log_analytics_workspace_id"></a> [log\_analytics\_workspace\_id](#module\_log\_analytics\_workspace\_id) | git::https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-module-log-analytics-workspace-id | master |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_application_insights.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/application_insights) | resource |
| [azurerm_monitor_activity_log_alert.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_activity_log_alert) | resource |
| [azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2) | resource |
| [null_resource.fix_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |
| [azurerm_subscription.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/subscription) | data source |
| [http_http.cnp_team_config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/http/latest/docs/data-sources/http) | data source |
| [http_http.sds_team_config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/http/latest/docs/data-sources/http) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alert_limit_reached"></a> [alert\_limit\_reached](#input\_alert\_limit\_reached) | Specifies whether the limit of 100 Activity Log Alerts has been met in the current subscription. Setting to true will create a Log Search Alert instead | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_application_type"></a> [application\_type](#input\_application\_type) | Specifies the type of Application Insights to create. Valid values are `java` for Java web, `Node.JS` for Node.js, `other` for General, and `web` for ASP.NET | `string` | `"web"` | no |
| <a name="input_common_tags"></a> [common\_tags](#input\_common\_tags) | Common tags to be applied to resources | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_daily_data_cap_in_gb"></a> [daily\_data\_cap\_in\_gb](#input\_daily\_data\_cap\_in\_gb) | Specifies the Application Insights component daily data volume cap in GB | `number` | `50` | no |
| <a name="input_email_receiver_config"></a> [email\_receiver\_config](#input\_email\_receiver\_config) | Configuration for email receiver in the action group | `map(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_env"></a> [env](#input\_env) | Environment value | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Target Azure location to deploy the resource | `string` | `"UK South"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The default name will be product+env, you can override the product part by setting this | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_override_name"></a> [override\_name](#input\_override\_name) | The default name will be product+env, this override enables a fully custom name | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_product"></a> [product](#input\_product) | https://hmcts.github.io/glossary/#product | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of existing resource group to deploy resources into | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_sampling_percentage"></a> [sampling\_percentage](#input\_sampling\_percentage) | Specifies the percentage of the data produced by the monitored application that is sampled for Application Insights telemetry. | `number` | `100` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_app_id"></a> [app\_id](#output\_app\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_channel_id"></a> [channel\_id](#output\_channel\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_connection_string"></a> [connection\_string](#output\_connection\_string) | n/a |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_instrumentation_key"></a> [instrumentation\_key](#output\_instrumentation\_key) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## Action Groups

Within this module, an alert system is configured to notify teams via Slack when the daily cap of Application Insights is reached. Additionally, teams have the option to receive email notifications by configuring the email_receiver_config (map/string) within the module.

## Contributing

We use pre-commit hooks for validating the terraform format and maintaining the documentation automatically.
Install it with:

```shell
$ brew install pre-commit terraform-docs
$ pre-commit install
```

If you add a new hook make sure to run it against all files:
```shell
$ pre-commit run --all-files
```

Commit message:

fix so has global as default (not all locations available for alerts)

README.md, after:

# terraform-module-application-insights

<!-- TODO fill in resource name in link to product documentation -->
Terraform module for [Application Insights](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/application_insights.html).

## Example

```hcl
module "application_insights" {
  source = "git@github.com:hmcts/terraform-module-application-insights?ref=4.x"

  product = var.product
  env     = var.env

  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name

  common_tags = module.tags.common_tags
}

```

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) | >= 3.7.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#provider\_azurerm) | >= 3.7.0 |
| <a name="provider_http"></a> [http](#provider\_http) | n/a |
| <a name="provider_null"></a> [null](#provider\_null) | n/a |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_log_analytics_workspace_id"></a> [log\_analytics\_workspace\_id](#module\_log\_analytics\_workspace\_id) | git::https://github.com/hmcts/terraform-module-log-analytics-workspace-id | master |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [azurerm_application_insights.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/application_insights) | resource |
| [azurerm_monitor_activity_log_alert.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_activity_log_alert) | resource |
| [azurerm_monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2.main](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/monitor_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2) | resource |
| [null_resource.fix_scheduled_query_rules_alert_v2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/null/latest/docs/resources/resource) | resource |
| [azurerm_client_config.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) | data source |
| [azurerm_subscription.current](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/subscription) | data source |
| [http_http.cnp_team_config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/http/latest/docs/data-sources/http) | data source |
| [http_http.sds_team_config](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/http/latest/docs/data-sources/http) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alert_limit_reached"></a> [alert\_limit\_reached](#input\_alert\_limit\_reached) | Specifies whether the limit of 100 Activity Log Alerts has been met in the current subscription. Setting to true will create a Log Search Alert instead | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_application_type"></a> [application\_type](#input\_application\_type) | Specifies the type of Application Insights to create. Valid values are `java` for Java web, `Node.JS` for Node.js, `other` for General, and `web` for ASP.NET | `string` | `"web"` | no |
| <a name="input_common_tags"></a> [common\_tags](#input\_common\_tags) | Common tags to be applied to resources | `map(string)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_daily_data_cap_in_gb"></a> [daily\_data\_cap\_in\_gb](#input\_daily\_data\_cap\_in\_gb) | Specifies the Application Insights component daily data volume cap in GB | `number` | `50` | no |
| <a name="input_email_receiver_config"></a> [email\_receiver\_config](#input\_email\_receiver\_config) | Configuration for email receiver in the action group | `map(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_env"></a> [env](#input\_env) | Environment value | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Target Azure location to deploy the resource | `string` | `"UK South"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | The default name will be product+env, you can override the product part by setting this | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_override_name"></a> [override\_name](#input\_override\_name) | The default name will be product+env, this override enables a fully custom name | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_product"></a> [product](#input\_product) | https://hmcts.github.io/glossary/#product | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_resource_group_name"></a> [resource\_group\_name](#input\_resource\_group\_name) | Name of existing resource group to deploy resources into | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_sampling_percentage"></a> [sampling\_percentage](#input\_sampling\_percentage) | Specifies the percentage of the data produced by the monitored application that is sampled for Application Insights telemetry. | `number` | `100` | no |
| <a name="input_alert_location"></a> [location](#input\_alert\_location) | Target Azure location to deploy the alert | `string` | `"global"` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_app_id"></a> [app\_id](#output\_app\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_channel_id"></a> [channel\_id](#output\_channel\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_connection_string"></a> [connection\_string](#output\_connection\_string) | n/a |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | n/a |
| <a name="output_instrumentation_key"></a> [instrumentation\_key](#output\_instrumentation\_key) | n/a |
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | n/a |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## Action Groups

Within this module, an alert system is configured to notify teams via Slack when the daily cap of Application Insights is reached. Additionally, teams have the option to receive email notifications by configuring the email_receiver_config (map/string) within the module.

## Contributing

We use pre-commit hooks for validating the terraform format and maintaining the documentation automatically.
Install it with:

```shell
$ brew install pre-commit terraform-docs
$ pre-commit install
```

If you add a new hook make sure to run it against all files:
```shell
$ pre-commit run --all-files
```
